Add requires tool info (#203)
FabricMC/fabric-docs: develop/blocks/first-block.md

Reviewer: I can't add a comment on line 14, but could you correct the grammatical mistake while you're modifying this file?

```diff
-If you've completed the [Creating Your First Item](../items/first-item) page, this process will feel extremely familiar - you will need to create a method that registers your block, and it's block item.
+If you've completed the [Creating Your First Item](../items/first-item) page, this process will feel extremely familiar - you will need to create a method that registers your block, and its block item.

Author: yes

@[code](@/reference/latest/src/main/resources/data/minecraft/tags/mineable/shovel.json)

> If you wish to have your block be required to be mined by a tool, you'll want to append `.requiresTool()` to your block settings.

Reviewer: according to https://github.com/FabricMC/fabric-docs/pull/203#discussion_r1818148733:

```suggestion
If you wish for a tool to be required to mine the block, you'll want to append `.requiresTool()` to your block settings, as well as add the appropriate mining tag.
```

> ## Mining Levels {#mining-levels}

Reviewer: What's the difference between `.requiresTool()` and using tags?

Author: Using tags and using `.requiresTool()` is necessary in order to prevent a block loot table from dropping with an incorrect tool. Without the `requiresTool()`, the block loot table will always drop, regardless of tags.
